What you will be doing :

In this position you will be working with the team to develop new Angular UI for Credit and Fail monitor solution.

Analyzes, designs, programs, debugs and modifies software enhancements and/or new products used in local, networked or Internet-related computer programs. (Code must be used in core version of applications available for sale commercially.)
Interacts with product managers and/or users to define system requirements and/or necessary modifications.
Participates in software design meetings and analyzes user needs to determine technical requirements.
Write technical specifications based on conceptual design and stated business requirements.
Writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications using current programming languages and technologies.
Completes documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance.
Develop concurrent, distributed, asynchronous enterprise real-time processing applications.
Provide L3 support and key input to post-mortems / retrospectives of key events.
Become subject matter expert on one or more of the key platforms, technology and integration points as part of the overall solutions
Trains and communicates with internal Client Training, Client Relationship and Sales teams on systems application.
May deliver informational and decision-seeking presentations to technical and business groups to internal and/or external audiences.
Evaluate and identify new technologies and implement the same in product/solution
Convert business requirement into executable code solution.
Code, test, debug, document, implement and maintain software applications
Other related duties assigned as needed.
What you bring :

3 to 6 Years Strong expertise in Angular (v17+ preferred) and TypeScript
Experience with HTML5, CSS3, and responsive design
Familiarity with state management libraries (e.g., NgRx, RxJS)
Experience integrating with RESTful APIs
Agile software methodology experience
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Knowledge of testing frameworks (e.g., Jasmine, Karma) is a plus
Experience with version control systems (e.g., Git)
Experience in developing Java, JEE & Spring based applications.
Expertise in building product /solution using Spring Framework and JPA (Hibernate)
Experience in developing SOA/API based application using SOAP/REST WebServices
Experience in developing application using any of the database like Oracle / MySQL / SQL Server / DB2 / PostgreSQL and writing SQL queries and PL/SQL programs is required. 
Knowledge of data formats such as XML, JSON would be a plus.
Experience with any of the JEE App Server e.g.: WebSphere Process Server, WebLogic, JBoss.
Experience with build tools such as Maven, ANT and IDE like Eclipse & others
Hands on knowledge of the Unix Shell scripting, Linux/Unix advanced level is required.
Knowledge of software design patterns, integration patterns & enterprise architectural concepts.
Nice to have:

Experience budling application using Domain Driven Design and Event Driven Architecture.
Familiarity with Python and other programming languages
Working knowledge of Jira, Confluence, Experience with Agile and test-driven development
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Experience in design and develop APIs using with Java & Spring.
Knowledge of end-to-end systems development life cycles, e.g., waterfall, iterative and other modern approaches to software development
Experience in developing and understanding sequence diagrams, class models, etc.
Positive outlook, strong work ethic, & responsive to internal / external clients and contacts
Knowledge of networking, computing platform, storage, database, security, middleware, network and systems management and related infrastructure technologies and practices
Experience in developing enterprise application using software design patterns, integration patterns and enterprise architectural concepts.
What we offer you:

An exciting opportunity be a part of World’s Leading FinTech Product MNC
A multifaceted job with a high degree of responsibility and a broad spectrum of opportunities
A broad range of professional education and personal development possibilities – FIS is your final career step!
A competitive salary and benefits
A variety of career development tools, resources, and opportunities
Privacy Statement

FIS is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all personal information that we process in order to provide services to our clients. For specific inf